Chore/docs/make single landing page (#637)
oamg/leapp: docs/source/contributing.md

# Contributing to the Leapp project

First, thank you for taking your time to contribute to the project.

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing effectively to the Leapp-related repositories
hosted under the `OS and Application Modernization Group organization <https://github.com/oamg/>`_
on GitHub.

## Code style guidelines

Your code should follow our
[Python Coding Guidelines](python-coding-guidelines)

## Best practices in actor development

* Actor development: [Best practices for actor development](best-practices)
* Actor directory layout is to be found at [Repository directory layout](repository-dir-layout) (under `actorname/`)

> * Actor testing: [Testing actors](test-actors.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Actor testing: [Testing actors](test-actors)
```

# Contributing to the Leapp project

First, thank you for taking your time to contribute to the project.

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing effectively to the Leapp-related repositories
hosted under the `OS and Application Modernization Group organization <https://github.com/oamg/>`_
on GitHub.

## Code style guidelines

Your code should follow our

> [Python Coding Guidelines](python-coding-guidelines.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Python Coding Guidelines](python-coding-guidelines)
```
Do not link to `.html`, there was a problem with that. See https://github.com/oamg/leapp/pull/602. Update the other references as well.

## Best practices in actor development

> - actor development: [Best practices for actor development](best-practices.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Actor development: [Best practices for actor development](best-practices.html)
```
For the sake of consistency (to have it the same as in the rest of the file).

> - actor directory layout might be found in 
> [Repository directory layout](repository-dir-layout.html)
> (under `actorname/`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Actor directory layout is to be found at [Repository directory layout](repository-dir-layout.html) (under `actorname/`)
```

- actor testing: [Testing actors](test-actors.html)

> ## RPM packages naming schema

Reviewer: I think that the way how are the Copr RPMs named does not relate to contributions to the project from others much. I'd maybe link to that `build-schema` page only from under https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/infrastructure.html.
